I’m now working on a startup project. The startup will be about a mobile app like Tinder, but for projects. A place for people to find projects to invest in, find project ideas, connect with partners, promote their projects. Tech stack will be React Native for UI and Tencent Cloud’s Postgresql data base, vector data base and CVM for backend. For the backend part, we plan to run the python script in our CVM. And we'll use services like Wechat Developer API and Tencent Cloud SES for login verifications.
The app will have 4 pages:
1.Recommendation/Home page. When user log in, they will see this page first. 20 most relevant cards will be dealt for the user to swipe left for dislike or swipe right for like. The cards will be determined by the similar vectors compared to this user id’s vector determined by this user’s profile feature tags. The cards’ ID will compare in history tables in Postgresql data base to make sure that they haven’t been used by this user before.  Each card can be a highlight reel of a project, and image of a project, or an image of the person. The card will have feature tags on it. Whenever a user swipe left or right, this action will be stored in different tables in data base so that users won’t get the same card again.
2.AI Search Page. A simple page with a logo and a search bar. In the search bar, the user briefly describe their intention as well as what they’re looking for. From this, the message will be passed to Deepseek API to extract 1-5 feature tags from the message. The feature tags should focus on general transferrable skills rather than specific expertise. Like “Investor”, “Like coding”, “Interested in AI”. These tags will be transformed into vectors to be used in finding the 20 most similar results in the vector data base. These result’s ID will be sent to Postgresql data base to compare and filter out the ones that have been used before, where eventually pass the correct info back to the front end.
3.4.Not important at the moment.
I’m currently working on the backend of page 1 and 2. Every time when you help me improve my current part, make sure to update the README.md, api_contract.yaml, and requirement.txt as well